docs: add an example of a Service-scoped Pod DNS record (#49601)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service.md

had the following DNS resolution:

```

> pod-ipv4-address.namespace.pod.cluster-domain.example

Reviewer: This may be a confusing change as the intention to convey that the Pod's DNS has a reference to the namespace the Pod is in, is no longer there. 
I understand there is an example added following this line

> <pod-ipv4-address>.<my-namespace>.pod.<cluster-domain.example>

Reviewer 2: This doesn't look right

Try
```suggestion
<pod-IPv4-address>.<namespace>.pod.<cluster-domain>
```

<pod-ipv4-address>.<service-name>.<my-namespace>.svc.<cluster-domain.example>
```

For example, if a Pod in the `cafe` namespace has the IP address 172.17.0.3,

> is an Endpoint of a Service named `barista`, and the domain name for your cluster is

Reviewer 2: Don't capitalize Endpoint here.

> `cluster.local`, then the Pod has this Service-scoped DNS `A` record.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cluster.local`, then the Pod would have  this service-scoped DNS `A` record.
```
